[Music]
well
I have to change the intro I mean they
made me a new intro and I have to
change it
Joan Plana debating with Javi it's a
dream that will never be completely fulfilled you should
never have imagined
imagine if it's on video and on Tui and he doesn't
stop agreeing with me all the time
imagine imagine in court
well family they sent me a video it's
a bit creamy
Frank Cuesta I'm sorry but you've gone too far
Javi don't change the intro
there's one time no the intro is going to be
only for the news for when I
do the news the other day the other
day they told me that he had made
a parody of us or something like that Frank
Cuesta okay
well Frank Cuesta you know that
lately we've had a cordial relationship
for many years we argued because I made
a video
a humorous video it really wasn't a
video with any kind of malice it was it
was things at all very bad and
so on no but there was water and in fact
recently he asked me to do something
together that we're going to do
don't miss the ASMR today sucks  microphones and
the hot pool live is worth it,
what I don't understand is why because I've
seen Frank Cuesta live two or three times
and what I don't understand is why
because he always does the rights
from afar, I
mean, they always do the live shows but
from afar in the middle of the field and he
plays Leo, I don't understand why but
here he's being a parody of the
girls made of what's her name love
augurs it would be the girl who does
live shows in underwear and a bikini and so
on but tweets she allows it because she
does it inside a pool
to Moran is called the girl and then
teams you're being a parody there are no
other people there are other people for example
to sleep to sleep I found a
perfect channel to sleep it's a channel
like that guys to the seo of that of what happens
on the internet and that and it's
called del día sur el día sur
but because everyone tells him to the
uncle sur
ah
everyone tells him it's the uncle your uncle I mean
Frank Cuesta be the animals
ours
and in the different sections between
us and so on something like that it's not only a
tube that
I think is Argentine or something like that
speaks  very slowly it's from salcedo like
hub and oliveira says
but I always know what to do
to tell them to the south new grandpa I
don't think I would start
but even if I started
because Franco is here he knows because he
measures the salseros and I have hair like a
parrot's hair today
or rather this means that frank
cuestas looks at the salseros
get up and I do from time to time or
rather it's like it's in the anime we
could say it
this
the guy about this well what
hub and oliveira says today seconds I only
did 170 seconds
but it's not a lie either
but also because that's how my
grandmother finds out she doesn't
tell her slowly today and I think I'm going to
put on a cap seriously I have hair
like very serious I have
hair like the day
I have hair like the day
and in the end you don't know anything
but I arteaga you a rub it
is spectacular it is perfect bad saint they are already
leaving Franco is in
front the wave is going a little
[Music]
in fact there is a parody of uncle sur
in a video let's
see it's a joke
in which video it was
in elche
but I did everything not just from the south
you see
best friend
how good from Seville this video was very
good the truth is
sometimes I believe my styles not having
style basically there is for example the
style of uncle scarecrow or the chj
what is how are you I am your uncle
south and as you can see today I am very happy
to bring you this video
olatz and how are you I am your
trusted uncle south and as you can see today I am
very angry to bring you this video
olatz and that it is today as you can see I am
jumping for joy to bring you this
video the truth is that I am very
happy hello girls how are you today
as you can see I am very angry as you can see
I am here super indignant the truth is that I am
sorry because you seem so angry
let's do a little tour for this let's see
guys today we have a very
interesting live okay I am preparing the
live and right now we start
today we are going to have a very but
very interesting live ok I promise you that I will not
fail give it to me there is this video
please I feel very oppressed okay there was
something here that little editor
ah
yes  more or less but
[Music] I think it
should not be those
red prohibited symbols remove the eyes
of the Carlota corredera remove them
too
where I do not like it very much
and as for Ortega Cano do not change his
hair because when you change his hair it does not
seem like him
I was making the thumbnail to
live the main channel today uncle
has looked at
the loss of air that he makes me
a game of the sálvame squid not
a game that he has said to retouch
some things let's
see let's continue watching this and nothing
begins the live I'm going to smoke a
cigarette of wind or for example another
like turbo pueblo
and of course
and
36 years old I am
hello how are you friends I was browsing
the net coincidentally I found a
video of our favorite youtuber I have
spoken very little on my channel about these
youtubers but well today it has happened
so I am going to make a youtube video
hahaha I
think they are scamming us scammer
this is not our favorite youtuber
scammer I challenge you to a debate I challenge you to a
debate and if you do not accept the debate you are
a coward accept  the scammer debate and
the debate
but the girl with the dog
very good very good very
good I do
n't know why she gets a little angry with this I
think
[Music]
we're watching Francis's and it's
true we stayed here he
was here sucking the mic he
was certainly 36 years old I am but
Fran I think he's like forty something
no
but let's see what you've seen today
this is what the social network should be
what the
platforms should be Antonia thank you very much Rey
for more like tweets like YouTube should be to be
this entertainment we are people who are
here to entertain let's see I hope
that all those named who don't
sign up it's worth the show
Oliveira
to Sandra
Belén with knows the one that is true that it's
as if he
listens to her a lot the truth is it's
simply that
we are continually getting involved 49 is
Frank Cuesta
Gonzalez lately he is getting
very involved in the salsa music that
nowadays it seems that everything has to be
taken to heart you say something and even today
more offended I'm going to make a video and I'm
going to give you a hard time oh you told me
that I'm going to  to denounce
and that shouldn't be and we are
here to entertain we are
here to bring a smile to have
a good time to watch a
sunset together or to reign while I
act like an idiot okay this is what needs to be
done and all these channels and all
these people who are there to fight over each other
little by little it is needed rim counting
until they disappear because as you know
for example when I'm good or
bad sleeping I put it on the television for
a little while such I don't know what and you listen well
in the morning I get up early very
early at 4 so I'm doing
things so seriously so well I
normally put on the olivella or the south
are on at that time
with the south hey well
send him a greeting fraud
greetings
what is your favor frank tell us what is
your favorite food
Joan Planas's or Juanjo Blow
talking about saints and things the chocas
chocas if I'm asleep I have to put on
chocas it's a bad idea not to put such a choca it does
n't wake you up in a clip the one you
're sending me
and me me and I'm
very heavy no this I'm not
going to live in tone  They
don't cut themselves, they
don't cut themselves,
this city was, it hasn't become
as you've seen, open
[Music]